hi I'm Sarah from the good food magazine
and I'm going to show you how to make a
Christmas cream liqueur and this is
really big I thank you all my hangout
guests today are using the google
effects button so they don't have that
interesting a hat collection at home
that's actually magic as I give you lots
of sound effects I so we're gonna have
lots of applause hopefully thank you
thank you do you guys do homemade
Christmas presents or hampers or
anything for people no I haven't done
but okay give it a try it's might
inspire especially if it's like a boozy
gift cuz you know you don't want the
hands before it's like a bad chutney
really do you hmm i think really pink
would be much more bridget at this with
her it's really really easy takes about
two minutes as you're going to see so
i'm going to start with some caramel now
you can use Dolce de leche this is
caramel in a can I'm sure you've all
seen it in the supermarket like a thick
caramel sauce something like a spread
it's not really one of my things I think
it's a bit a bit too rich for me right I
like the fruity ones that we've been
doing yeah I will see if see if this
change in my but it might be but it is
it's like a pudding cocktail or you know
like it is quite rich it's quite sticky
but maybe if you give up pudding and
have this instead or something for
something quick and easy anyways we've
got the caramel in there and then I'm
going to add some brandy so 300 mils of
brandy to 300 grams of caramel again I'm
just guessing this I'm guessing about
that much and then I've got some vanilla
always use extract not essence
about a teaspoon if you've got vanilla
seeds or one of the extracts with seeds
that would be really nice as well did
anyone to a lot of baking or as
cocktails your main area of interest
well I do some baking so if you got
vanilla in your cupboard I've got a
little extra yeah they do nice ones now
it's more like an haste with seeds your
Baker kareena know what's your favorite
things you know you are a baker what's
your favorite thing to bait anything
that looks like a cake basically okay
okay so I've gone in with that and I've
just added two tablespoons of coffee so
make this up using a tablespoon or
coffee granules and a tablespoon of
boiling water so it's really really
really strong far too strong then you'd
want to drink and then last but not
least is some cream so I've got single
cream about 300 mils again so you're
nearly equal cream to caramel to brandy
and then just a splash of coffee which
isn't the low-calorie option they say
yeah yeah you got yeah you gotta have
this before New Year's Eve because if
you're going on a New Year's diet you
don't want any of this hanging around
the house look out for our febuary issue
which is a healthier show so gorge on
this and then by the healthier show in
febuary and you'll be fine so just
literally give it a good mix together
and then that's it basically pop it into
jars keep it in the fridge until you're
ready to give some on the hamper check
what date the single cream is because
that will be the date that your mixed
your last two so try and get a single
cream with a nice long life but you can
see it only takes two minutes anyway so
you know if you want to gift it you can
literally knock it up when you're out to
run out the door pop it into a nice jar
or something with a pretty label so
that's mixed together now I'm gonna
serve it in a little tumblr I'm just
going to go and get tumblr oh thank you
and oh just some ice chunk the ice not
crushed ice because you don't let them
out and then it's a gorgeous color I
know what you mean about it being rich
but it's so delicious I'm pretty sure if
you left out one of these for father
Christmas he definitely stopped at your
house so think you'd probably fall down
the cheese-making yeah oh can everyone
see that one yay so very different to
what you might normally think of as a
cocktail but means you don't have to
have any other mixes and stuff really
creamy rich and indulgent so this is our
Christmas cream liqueur
you